API |contract version| release, September 9, 2013 
-------------------------------------------------

The Cloud Images service was originally released as part of the OpenStack Nova-network 
API, whose operations are detailed in the   
:rax-devdocs:`Image operations section <cloud-servers/v2/developer-guide/#document-api-operations/svr-images-operations>`
of the Next Generation Cloud Servers Developer Guide.

Now Rackspace Cloud Images has been released using the OpenStack Glance API, and it's 
operations are detailed in this guide. 

What's new
~~~~~~~~~~

- 	Server images are used to store a snapshot of a server’s configuration. If you 
	take an image of a server, you can create a new server from that image. The new server 
	will have the same files and operating system that the original server had at the time 
	the image was created.

	The Cloud Images service enables you to use standard, Rackspace supported images and to 
	create, share, and use nonstandard images that are not supported by Rackspace.

- 	Image producers *create and share images* with image consumers, allowing the consumers 
	to use the shared image when booting a server. The producer shares an image with the 
	consumer by making the consumer a member of that image. The consumer then accepts or 
	rejects the image by changing the image member status. After it is accepted, the image 
	appears in the consumer’s image list. As long as the consumer is a member of the image, 
	the consumer can use the image, regardless of the image member status.

- 	An *image task* API request performs an asynchronous image-related operation, 
	such as importing or exporting an image. The request creates a disposable task resource 
	that you poll for information about the operation’s status.

Resolved issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
|no changes|

Known issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~
|no changes|
